Now I have to ask you this question and likely many of our students are pondering it as well. So, will AI replace all our jobs? Will it take over the world? How worried should we be? I was waiting for that priceless question. First and foremost, our leader, Ginni Rometty, has coined the term Augmented Intelligence, not artificial intelligence. Our capabilities are here not to supplant jobs but to help remove the mundane tasks so workers can focus on the core mission. Yes, they will require new training and we call that new collar jobs and that is exactly what our partnership with Udacity is providing. So yes, we are rapidly approaching an inflection point in human history where Augmented Intelligence will exceed human intelligence and debates about humans versus machines have become part of our common vernacular. How can we prepare our next generation of students to compete? One positive step being taken in our K through 12 schools is a growing emphasis on STEM: science technology, engineering and mathematics education, plus modern coding skills. For example, IBM's P-TECH program, where students graduate with a high school diploma and an associate degree in computers or engineering. But STEM education is not enough, and that is where our partnership comes in. Jeffrey Calvin in his book, "Humans Are Underrated: What High Achievers Know That Brilliant Machines Never Will," argues that it is right brain skills like creativity, imagination, collaboration, holistic thinking, and emotional intelligence that are the greatest source of competitive advantage for humans versus machines. Thank you so much for giving us such a comprehensive tour of natural language processing and artificial intelligence. Absolutely, our mission at IBM Watson is to bring the cutting edge cognitive technologies within reach of everyone. There's no reason for Augmented Intelligence to stay locked up in research labs and in the hands of a few companies. With the power of IBM Watson behind you I can't even imagine what applications you'll end up building. Let's get started today. 